the word that Jeremiah the Prophet spoke
the word that Jeremiah the Prophet spoke to be ruk the son of Neriah when he had
to be ruk the son of Neriah when he had
to be ruk the son of Neriah when he had written these words in a book had the
written these words in a book had the
written these words in a book had the instruction of jeremiah in the fourth
instruction of jeremiah in the fourth
instruction of jeremiah in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king
year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king
year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah thus says the Lord the God of
of Judah thus says the Lord the God of
of Judah thus says the Lord the God of Israel to you obey Ruka you said woe is
Israel to you obey Ruka you said woe is
Israel to you obey Ruka you said woe is me now for the Lord has added grief to
me now for the Lord has added grief to
me now for the Lord has added grief to my sorrow I fainted in my sighing and I
my sorrow I fainted in my sighing and I
my sorrow I fainted in my sighing and I find no rest thus you shall say to him
find no rest thus you shall say to him
find no rest thus you shall say to him thus says the Lord behold what I have
thus says the Lord behold what I have
thus says the Lord behold what I have built I will break down and what I have
built I will break down and what I have
built I will break down and what I have planted I will pluck up that is this
planted I will pluck up that is this
planted I will pluck up that is this whole land and do you seek great things
whole land and do you seek great things
whole land and do you seek great things for yourself
for yourself
for yourself do not seek them for behold I will bring
do not seek them for behold I will bring
do not seek them for behold I will bring adversity on all flesh says the Lord but
adversity on all flesh says the Lord but
adversity on all flesh says the Lord but I will give your life to you as a prize
I will give your life to you as a prize
I will give your life to you as a prize in all places wherever you go
in all places wherever you go
in all places wherever you go [Music]